# Group-Project-Data
Tomic et al. (2019) collected data from 740 different healthy individuals who received vaccination with inactivated or live attenuated seasonal influenza vaccines. The created dataset consists of eight different clinical trials and contains more than 3,000 parameters, such as serological responses to influenza strains, serum cytokines, concentrations of different cell types, age and gender. Also the hemagglutinin inhibition titer was included as parameter. This titer was measured both before and after vaccination and was used to determine whether the individual elicits an immune response against the influenza vaccine and could thus be classified as a low or high responder. The purpose of this study was to identify basic molecular and cellular biomarkers that could determine successful antibody response to influenza vaccines across different influenza seasons and different age groups.

Using the dataset of Tomic et al. (2019), two research questions were explored. On the one hand, it was examined whether there is a correlation between age and vaccination response. On the other hand, it was assessed which two cell types show the most pronounced differences between the low and high responders and whether these differences are statistically significant. 
To predict vaccine response based on the concentrations of specific cell types, machine learning techniques were applied to develop two classification models: a logistic regression model and a decision tree classifier model. 

Tomic, A., Tomic, I., Dekker, C.L. et al. The FluPRINT dataset, a multidimensional analysis of the influenza vaccine imprint on the immune system. Sci Data 6, 214 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41597-019-0213-4
